[Music]
we are going to our friend who actually
met in Vegas we're going to his mansion
is a real estate like mobile pretty much
she just buys and sells properties and
where was the boys hello and so these
two fellows are going to join us as we
go and do a Q&A we ask for you guests in
this question on Twitter we do Q day on
our way
comedians and car style we're gonna be
releasing unreleased episodes on Twitter
things that we shot like a while ago and
it's never released so I would highly
recommend you go follow us there right
now alright right now there's a
youtubers in cars getting coffee and
going into a mention they'll be the
title of this video or should we explain
why mr is not here okay so weird that
we've George amar got kicked out yeah
Marv was just a little too
smelly it's just the smell we couldn't
live with him so he's just not part of
this theory anyways next question now
Amari is organizing another huge episode
coming out very soon so you can attend
what do you guys like to do for fun
we play a game called discomfort and we
will not explain what that game entails
for now what are your fun we like to
hike you go hiking I go hiking we like
to go to concerts and chat the grandson
our friend George is show three books
we'd like to have long walks on the
beach together what are some things you
would say no two pence breaking the yes
theory I think I would say no to a lot
of things
cut that out what is a realistic goal
you want to achieve with the yes Theory
movement my goal is to be 40 years old
one day and meet like all these 30 year
old entrepreneurs people that I've
started charities businesses like
athletes like anybody who's just
inspired bus that looks so forward to
that moment where innocent damn your
words byebug be but what's your best
thing sister when you get caught in a
place you're not supposed to be oh I
always pretend I'm lost and then I'm
like I totally did not scheme to get
there I think the best one for me is
just what you said so I'm just act a
little bit confused specially without a
couple to think of like what's going on
only does he kill her eat will he ever
come to Mississippi nope South Africa
yes will he ever come to Mexico
yes will you have vertebrates in North
Korea okay oh this is an ex naked man
yeah bad Mississippi is the only one
where the party would think just last
night this whatever that's whatever like
just meet me showed up like I was
[Music]
we were stuck trying to convince one of
these celebrities to like come
skinny-dipping with us just wasn't
really the right place yeah we're not
gonna release a video of not asking we
went to a party and we didn't have the
balls to ask Justin Bieber if we could
see his bones yeah well what do I have
to do to get free merch follow us on
Instagram what what what is your getaway
spot to think Thomas has been you've
been searching for the eternal youth one
Instagram caption and every day it is
brought up almost posted a picture
staring up to the distance on the beach
and the caption was on the search for
now that you made the snapchat series
what's the next step you saw it launched
yesterday and it's only up for 48 hours
and so far we have it's reached 8
million people probably more than we
have four or five hundred thousand
subscribers on snapchat they're just
pretty nuts like we passed our freaking
YouTube channel with one episode on
snapchat and cell phone would you check
my Instagram page no would you give me a
shout-out no is my self-promotion
annoying yes now you know that what is
everything we did in Egypt coming up
this Sunday whoo our Egypt episodes
begin and now here is a quick tease
[Music]
what do you think straw do you guys plan
to continue yes Theory generation when
you have kids like pass it down I'm
gonna have kids and I'm not gonna create
a small cult of my kids we joke about
moving into like having three four
houses next to each other and just
having a family secret
thank you and then we make videos about
kids there is such a lonely child
alright that wraps up the Q&A Jane wants
to move on kids any other questions
last ones Zak George you're hanging out
with we're about to roll up into the
mansion soon all right there's a couple
of nice cars
[Music]
abusing of cars we shouldn't abuse our
audience so you're launching a whole
like rehab center here in LA right yeah
yeah we're launching la la recovery it's
la recovery calm so we're just promoting
fun in sobriety a lot of people think
when they get sober like the fun ends
but fun starts there's a heroin epidemic
right now in America so we're helping
kids in their 20s 30s and even
adolescents as well to get help and get
sober and like learn how to function in
life and you're making a YouTube channel
around it - yeah but we just started
filming today actually no it is the
first video gonna come out probably next
week a lot of like these like rehabs
would you like the elevator music and
you know we're gonna be like rough rocky
I want to shoot up the drone and get it
started yeah go for it
[Music]